back it asks you to to tear open the bag
and then burn the bag afterwards so just
take the product put it down pour it out
you'll notice that there are several
parts of the product here's the is the
most miss consistently misconstrued idea
and that's to light that wood pellet do
not like the wood pellet light the green
stuff you'll like the green stuff you
light every time just like I did a
couple of spots or one spot you can see
this takes off throw about an 8 to 10
inch flame alright when you spread it
out or when you pour it out pour it into
a pile that's straight out like that if
you get it to spread out it will light
and burn but not as well just make sure
it's concentrated good back up into a
little pile remember light the green
okay the next thing that's fun to show
is putting it in a ball or floating it
on water my hands not big enough to
handle all of us just take it and you
squeeze it given a pretty good squeeze
and you can see it's kind of in a ball
form then we'll light it my favorite but
it takes a little bit of practice just
to put it right in my hand
light it the only time you're gonna get
burnt is if this if you got a little
breeze and it pushes the flame over onto
your hand or it comes right down to the
side so don't let it get that far so
what you do is just lower your hand
slowly down into the water you can see
it'll pull it right off your hand and
sit and float and burn right on the
water
you don't have to put it in a ball okay
another way to demonstrate it but
floating on water if you're a little
nervous to put it in your hand which a
lot of people are and we don't even
recommend that but it's at this dump it
slowly you'll notice it'll float and
then make sure you light the green stuff
you